create type angel 3 1 name str alias str affiliation str
create record angel Tyrael ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel mahmut ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel ben ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel sen ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel ali ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel lily ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel mike ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel abc ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel des ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel htb ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel cmpe ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel mat ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel cat ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel pet ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel ujh ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel mkj ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel nhg ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel ploty ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel wert ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel lake ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel sea ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel pen ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel dick ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel month ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel ders ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens
create record angel tel ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavens